All competitors have now taken a yacht to Valkyrie Island
Participate in the final trial
Guests stop here
Go to the lobby to watch the live broadcast
Owned one in previous years
You can sign up for the ultimate bloodbath
Why can it be this time?
The rules are led by our organizers
It's your turn
Besides, a mere market also wants to participate
Intermediate seniors, you have a problem with your brain
The brain is not working well
It doesn't work.
Where did the fool come from? Get out
Miss, we are all people who have entered the Chu family
Can you give our Chu family a face?
Let him participate in the ultimate bloodbath
Just a fool
Don't say it's from your Chu family
Even if you put him in, it's just a death sentence
What do you mean?
Don't you know what the pattern is this year?
Hundreds of people died in a bloodbath
Only those who live to the end are qualified to make their debut
Is there really no other way?
Yes, what can be done?
Jump into the sea and swim by yourself
If you want to die, can I stop you?
King, what are you doing?